
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.460627                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2460627478500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2460627478500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 249425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5462316384                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   450.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   112359376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     112359376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         787904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       21264928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         778048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         758112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data        3658336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         312384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data        1101760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28733344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       787904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       758112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst       312384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1926240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21748224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21748224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           24622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          664529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            2120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           24314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           23691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          114323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            9762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data           34430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              897917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        679632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             679632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            320205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           8642075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             27570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            316199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst            308097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           1486749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            126953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            447756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              11677243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       320205                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        27570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       308097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       126953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           782825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8838487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8838487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8838487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           320205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          8642075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            27570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           316199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst           308097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          1486749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           126953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           447756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             20515730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      897917                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     679632                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    897917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   679632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               57443712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   22976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                29043008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                28733344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             21748224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                225810                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             53254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             55449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             55395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             54277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             59920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             60017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             52463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             54097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            53019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            60252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            57891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            56810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            56977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            60744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             28760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             29006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             26883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             25224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             26280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            27004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            30370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            28444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            27794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            29855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            31733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        58                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2460627383500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                897917                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               679632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  894754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  26940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  26773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  28812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  28426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  27375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  27394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  27179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  26699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  26602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       213542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    405.007952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   232.307157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.459287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67598     31.66%     31.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43193     20.23%     51.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18748      8.78%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12402      5.81%     66.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8250      3.86%     70.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6204      2.91%     73.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6189      2.90%     76.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5358      2.51%     78.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45600     21.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       213542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.048101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    404.962041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        26353     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         26361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.214711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.858986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.206381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         21269     80.68%     80.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          3883     14.73%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            54      0.20%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             8      0.03%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            17      0.06%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           410      1.56%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            46      0.17%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            15      0.06%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           228      0.86%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            24      0.09%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            47      0.18%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            27      0.10%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41           184      0.70%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43            15      0.06%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             5      0.02%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             6      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            13      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             2      0.01%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             3      0.01%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             7      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-57             2      0.01%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::58-59             3      0.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             3      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.00%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             9      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             4      0.02%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69            16      0.06%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             5      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             6      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             5      0.02%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.00%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             2      0.01%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             5      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             3      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.00%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.00%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             8      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             5      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::94-95             5      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             3      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             3      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            2      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::108-109            1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::116-117            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         26361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  16461096511                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33290309011                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4487790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18339.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37089.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        23.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        11.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     11.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   774831                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  362977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1559778.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                742495740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                394638255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3179477700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1185425460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         15158866320.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          13473224520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            884648640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     37960500330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17951416800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     554006095380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           644944321335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            262.105632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2428760610249                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1355938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    6438390000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2298765267000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46748408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   24072349751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  83247125249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                782229840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                415753635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3229086420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1183394880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         15578050800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          13827132390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            879982080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     40343406420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     18101230080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     552393771000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           646740809115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            262.835726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2427998203741                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1340591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6614942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2292387163500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  47138749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   24673682259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  88472349741                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    11481379                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2599                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  176649                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5566961                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      321                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          38                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  77095                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    17048340                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      2920                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           50                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  253744                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2219637                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     1079                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2220716                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              14151                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    320862250.494630                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   449522257.949590                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7076    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        41500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           7076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   190206194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2270421284500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4919933509                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    7076                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1031      0.82%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2031      1.61%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      13      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               113543     90.22%     92.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   5231      4.16%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3808      3.03%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 125      0.10%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      43      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                125846                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    133153                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                443                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                443                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  443                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.077205                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.143343                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2456264983500     99.91%     99.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2145406000      0.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2032                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   45997     38.14%     38.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.01%     38.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2479      2.06%     40.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    767      0.64%     40.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  71354     59.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              120608                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    45874     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.01%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2479      2.63%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     767      0.81%     52.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   45109     47.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                94240                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2385923469500     96.99%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               10017000      0.00%     96.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1330361000      0.05%     97.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              833255500      0.03%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            71869611500      2.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459966714500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997326                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.632186                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.781374                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   67569428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67569428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             65288451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                223957                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2204714                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9016908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    65288451                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       223957                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           88642403                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          49784249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               74326                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              75793                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17073145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   11495454                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5577691                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4539623268.764026                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              380310240.235974                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.077300                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.922700                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         11629550                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1388983      2.06%      2.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 47961870     70.98%     73.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  150861      0.22%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  92493      0.14%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1514      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                11744152     17.38%     90.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5531157      8.19%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              66467      0.10%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             63483      0.09%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                571418      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  67572398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2279191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1016.622299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           14700357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2279191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.449814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        168203500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1016.622299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.992795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        547961409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       547961409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9509826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9509826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4767471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4767471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       207898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       207898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       210859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       210859                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14277297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14277297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14277297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14277297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1755501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1755501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       574206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       574206                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data        11163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2329707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2329707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2329707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2329707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43311749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43311749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36695813000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  36695813000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    159450000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58171000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     58171000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         5500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80007562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80007562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80007562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80007562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     11265327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11265327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5341677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5341677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       222298                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222022                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       222022                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16607004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16607004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16607004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16607004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050279                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050279                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24672.016137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24672.016137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63907.052521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63907.052521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5211.054376                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5211.054376                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34342.328027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34342.328027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34342.328027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34342.328027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1895143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1895143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1755501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1755501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       574206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       574206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14400                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14400                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11163                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        11163                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2329707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2329707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      2329707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2329707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41556248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41556248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36121607000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36121607000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145050000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145050000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47009000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47009000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77677855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77677855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77677855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  77677855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188707500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188707500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1188707500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1188707500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107495                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107495                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050279                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050279                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23672.016137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23672.016137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62907.052521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62907.052521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4211.143958                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4211.143958                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33342.328027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33342.328027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33342.328027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33342.328027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227809.026447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227809.026447                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 79031.148195                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 79031.148195                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1799772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.957127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           65769036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1799772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            36.542982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       1400415500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.957127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        136944861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       136944861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     65772333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       65772333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     65772333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        65772333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     65772333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       65772333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1800065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1800065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1800065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25962851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25962851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25962851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25962851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25962851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25962851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     67572398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67572398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     67572398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67572398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     67572398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67572398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14423.285270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14423.285270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14423.285270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14423.285270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14423.285270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14423.285270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1799772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1799772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1800065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1800065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      1800065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1800065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24162786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24162786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24162786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24162786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  24162786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24162786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.285270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.285270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.285270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.285270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13423.285270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13423.285270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1098976                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       991                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   37924                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     667865                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      170                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          20                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  17635                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1766841                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1161                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           44                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                   55559                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     759812                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      386                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 760198                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5916                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2958                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    827424649.256254                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   312043357.010315                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2958    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974072000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2958                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    13105366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2447522112500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4921254957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2958                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   71      0.16%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  308      0.69%      0.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.02%      0.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      0.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                36138     81.43%     82.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4896     11.03%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     93.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2885      6.50%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  50      0.11%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 44380                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     48571                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              487                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                240                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2664                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                311                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  240                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   71                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.638604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.026652                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.183427                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4801016000      0.20%      0.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           451017500      0.02%      0.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        2455374090000     99.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     309                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   11616     27.91%     27.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2447      5.88%     33.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    153      0.37%     34.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  27406     65.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               41622                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    11569     45.21%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2447      9.56%     54.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     153      0.60%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   11420     44.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                25589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2381473115000     96.78%     96.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1060880000      0.04%     96.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              146770000      0.01%     96.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            77945360500      3.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2460626125500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995954                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.416697                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.614795                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5124027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5124027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4902893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 15747                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     193676                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       416760                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4902893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        15747                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            6701623                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3769515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                8290                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               8424                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1773872                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1102222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    671650                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4895044224.998011                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              26210732.001989                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005326                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994674                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           711982                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                41406      0.81%      0.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3056558     59.64%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16011      0.31%     60.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1764      0.03%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    238      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1120956     21.87%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 665452     12.98%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               7059      0.14%     95.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              6686      0.13%     95.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                209102      4.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5125232                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            40047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          947.906334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1667711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            40047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.643843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79915988500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   947.906334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.925690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         56591108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        56591108                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1055382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1055382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       622911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        622911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        20458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        11246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1678293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1678293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1678293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1678293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        24006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        29454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        29454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         2069                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2069                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        53460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         53460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        53460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        53460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    538675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    538675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1909079500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1909079500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12764000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     12764000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     20088500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     20088500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        21500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2447754500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2447754500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2447754500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2447754500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1079388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1079388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       652365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13315                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1731753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1731753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061474                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155389                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.155389                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22439.181871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22439.181871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64815.627759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64815.627759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9525.373134                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9525.373134                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9709.279845                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9709.279845                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45786.653573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45786.653573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45786.653573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45786.653573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            29464                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2069                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2069                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        53460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        53460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         2914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    514669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1879625500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1879625500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11424000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11424000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18023500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18023500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        17500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2394294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2394294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2394294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2394294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061474                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061474                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155389                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155389                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21439.181871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21439.181871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63815.627759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63815.627759                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8525.373134                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8525.373134                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8711.213146                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8711.213146                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44786.653573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44786.653573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44786.653573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44786.653573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 240190.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1730.954015                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  1730.954015                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           236984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.566781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4843330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           236984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.437371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      71922673000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   251.566781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.982683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         10487707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        10487707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      4887992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4887992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      4887992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         4887992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      4887992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        4887992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       237241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        237241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       237241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3324148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3324148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3324148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3324148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3324148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3324148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5125233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5125233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5125233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5125233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5125233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5125233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14011.694859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14011.694859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14011.694859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14011.694859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14011.694859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14011.694859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       236984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           236984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       237241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       237241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3086907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3086907500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086907500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3086907500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3086907500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13011.694859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13011.694859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13011.694859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13011.694859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13011.694859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13011.694859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4978661                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                      5520                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           14                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  476099                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3150502                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      501                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          75                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 169131                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     8129163                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                      6021                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           89                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  645230                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    2992546                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     3009                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                2995555                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions              10579                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    452171772.589792                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   456823565.127981                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5290    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        12500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974016000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           5290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    68638801500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2391988677000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4919929358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    5290                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 1462      1.53%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3608      3.77%      5.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      18      0.02%      5.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      5.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                79145     82.71%     88.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   5415      5.66%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.01%     93.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     93.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5628      5.88%     99.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 267      0.28%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                     125      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 95690                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    108917                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8486                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                770                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                770                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  770                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.090738                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.166379                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2453225204000     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5002832500      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    3609                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   33465     37.65%     37.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    103      0.12%     37.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2447      2.75%     40.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1559      1.75%     42.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  51305     57.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               88879                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    32705     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     103      0.15%     48.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2447      3.60%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1559      2.29%     54.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   31153     45.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                67967                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2358900525000     95.89%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               81229500      0.00%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1104421000      0.04%     95.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1511017000      0.06%     96.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            98367472500      4.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459964665000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.977290                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.607212                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.764714                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   25786717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25786717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25023164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                298513                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     776380                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2630780                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25023164                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       298513                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           34928200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18855802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              149149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             152452                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8172098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5004730                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3167368                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4782688732.367587                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              137240625.632413                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027895                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972105                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3685350                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               187457      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 16673780     64.65%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   48926      0.19%     65.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23381      0.09%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   1877      0.01%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4980134     19.31%     84.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3091264     11.98%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             139218      0.54%     97.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            134037      0.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                512753      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  25792827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           232742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          910.076352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7745827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.280744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75417832500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   910.076352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.888746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.716797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        261212558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       261212558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4747177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4747177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2849071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2849071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        57390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        47454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7596248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7596248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7596248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7596248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       177068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       235312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       235312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        15802                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15802                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       412380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        412380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       412380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       412380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4548801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4548801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9248903500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9248903500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    129022000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129022000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    100925500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    100925500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13797704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13797704500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13797704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13797704500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4924245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4924245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3084383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3084383                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        68811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        68811                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8008628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8008628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8008628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8008628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.215898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.215898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310372                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.310372                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25689.571238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25689.571238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39304.852706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39304.852706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8164.915833                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8164.915833                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4725.640305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4725.640305                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33458.714050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33458.714050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33458.714050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33458.714050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       158921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           158921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       177068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       235312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       235312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15802                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        15802                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        21357                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       412380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       412380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         1759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9722                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         9722                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4371733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9013591500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9013591500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    113220000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113220000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     79573500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79573500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        24000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        24000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13385324500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13385324500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13385324500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13385324500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    363427500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363427500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    363427500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363427500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.076291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.215898                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215898                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.310372                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310372                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.051492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24689.571238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24689.571238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38304.852706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38304.852706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7164.915833                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7164.915833                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3725.874421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3725.874421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32458.714050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32458.714050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32458.714050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32458.714050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206610.289937                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206610.289937                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 37381.968731                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 37381.968731                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1369839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.532671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           24419367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1369839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            17.826450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      72483023500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   251.532671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.982549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52955854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        52955854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     24422627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24422627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     24422627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        24422627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     24422627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       24422627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1370200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1370200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1370200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20288242500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20288242500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20288242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20288242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20288242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20288242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     25792827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25792827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     25792827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25792827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     25792827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25792827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14806.774558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14806.774558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14806.774558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14806.774558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14806.774558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14806.774558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1369839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1369839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1370200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1370200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1370200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1370200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18918042500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18918042500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18918042500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18918042500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  18918042500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18918042500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13806.774558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.774558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13806.774558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.774558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13806.774558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.774558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     2802178                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                      3482                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           48                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  127273                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1853318                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                      336                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                          43                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  61066                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                     4655496                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                      3818                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           91                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  188339                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                    1771461                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                     1656                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                1773117                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               7151                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3576                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    677581009.368009                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   401654754.298505                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3576    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974039500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3576                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    37597789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2423029689500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4919928235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3576                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  655      0.71%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1760      1.90%      2.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      24      0.03%      2.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                80401     87.02%     89.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4985      5.40%     95.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.00%     95.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4371      4.73%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 119      0.13%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      61      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 92393                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    101152                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5488                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                528                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                528                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  528                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.096210                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.175532                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      2455662509000     99.93%     99.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user          1647840500      0.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1761                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   30609     34.80%     34.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2446      2.78%     37.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    822      0.93%     38.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  54088     61.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               87965                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    29954     47.92%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2446      3.91%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     822      1.32%     53.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   29284     46.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                62506                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2368131264000     96.27%     96.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1108058000      0.05%     96.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              746102000      0.03%     96.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            89978679500      3.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2459964103500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.978601                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.541414                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.710578                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13879204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13879204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             13362881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                104547                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     554084                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1273916                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    13362881                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       104547                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18394596                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10050878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               51989                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              53192                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4679238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2816412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1862826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4844752928.989291                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              75175306.010709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.015280                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.984720                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2039359                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                87868      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8514736     61.33%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   29609      0.21%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7765      0.06%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    568      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2876837     20.72%     82.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1818588     13.10%     96.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              48994      0.35%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             47220      0.34%     96.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                450928      3.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13883113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           182679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          985.706683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4361026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           182679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.872618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      75427033500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   985.706683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.962604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        149560978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       149560978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      2627504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2627504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      1656967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1656967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        49010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        49010                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        44074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      4284471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4284471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      4284471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4284471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       122223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       122223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       134472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       134472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        14070                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14070                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data        18287                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18287                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data       256695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        256695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data       256695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       256695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2208002500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2208002500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2814868500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2814868500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     97672000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     97672000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     90536500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     90536500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5022871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5022871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5022871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5022871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2749727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2749727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1791439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1791439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        63080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        63080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        62361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        62361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      4541166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4541166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      4541166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4541166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.075064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.223050                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.223050                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.293244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.293244                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18065.360039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18065.360039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20932.748081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20932.748081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  6941.862118                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6941.862118                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4950.866736                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4950.866736                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19567.467228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19567.467228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19567.467228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19567.467228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       139118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           139118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       122223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       134472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       134472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        14070                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        14070                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        18287                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        18287                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       256695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       256695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       256695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4349                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         4349                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2085779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2085779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2680396500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680396500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     83602000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83602000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     72251500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72251500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4766176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4766176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4766176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4766176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     13198000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13198000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.044449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.075064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.223050                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223050                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.293244                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293244                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.056526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17065.360039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17065.360039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19932.748081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19932.748081                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5941.862118                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5941.862118                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3950.976103                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3950.976103                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18567.467228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18567.467228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18567.467228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18567.467228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 175973.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 175973.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  3034.720625                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  3034.720625                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           986178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          251.498946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12891983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           986178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            13.072673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      73050322000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   251.498946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.982418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28752707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        28752707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     12896632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12896632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     12896632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        12896632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     12896632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       12896632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       986481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        986481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       986481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14080079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14080079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14080079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14080079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  14080079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14080079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     13883113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13883113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     13883113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     13883113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     13883113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     13883113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14273.036683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14273.036683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14273.036683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14273.036683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14273.036683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14273.036683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       986178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           986178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       986481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       986481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       986481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       986481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13093598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13093598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13093598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13093598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  13093598500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13093598500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13273.036683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.036683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13273.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13273.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13273.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              113849                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             113849                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        33168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         3638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        64052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       178342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       178342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  242394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       132672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio        14532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       163510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3013454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             35989000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                20500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              172500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             3611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           283301606                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            39099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            89574000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                89139                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.616169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                89139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2413247522000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.616169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.019255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.019255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               802539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              802539                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             89171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            89171                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     44524322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44524322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10443106284                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  10443106284                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10487630606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10487630606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10487630606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10487630606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           89171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          89171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 161906.625455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161906.625455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117475.547651                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117475.547651                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117612.571419                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117612.571419                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117612.571419                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117612.571419                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         35672                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                19252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     1.852898                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                88864                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        88896                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        89171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     30774322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30774322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5994955644                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5994955644                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6025729966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6025729966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   6025729966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6025729966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 111906.625455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111906.625455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67437.855967                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67437.855967                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67574.995974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67574.995974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67574.995974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67574.995974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    877463                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32697.598048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9219915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    877463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.507469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               12080472000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      756.538570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      3790.410208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16560.305887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        36.956002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       272.986435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       244.607034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      8909.351066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       528.565496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      1597.877350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.023088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.115674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.505380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.008331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.271892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.016131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.048763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        17047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  51722745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 51722745                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2222646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2222646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2949465                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2949465                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             7095                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              936                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             5913                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             4106                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                18050                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1311                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            414                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data           1492                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data           1720                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               4937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            145691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data              3510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            109138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data             18767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                277106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        1775350                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         235067                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        1346401                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         976545                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4333363                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1450313                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         10898                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         90277                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         42270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1593758                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              1775350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1596004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               235067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                14408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              1346401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               199415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               976545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                61037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6204227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             1775350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1596004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              235067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               14408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             1346401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              199415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              976545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               61037                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6204227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            191                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           1641                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            669                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               2598                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          391128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           20299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           80950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22271                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              514648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        24712                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2170                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        23775                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         9918                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            60575                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       273475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         4020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        33825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data        12436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          323756                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              24712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             664603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               2170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              24319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              23775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             114775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               9918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data              34707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 898979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             24712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            664603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              2170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             24319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             23775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            114775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              9918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data             34707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                898979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       501000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       236000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1305500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1027500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3070000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       147500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        57000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       234000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33592698000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1777640000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7338186000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2079933000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   44788457000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2304039500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196128000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2201190000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    942354500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5643712000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23677063500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    353990000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3122694000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1385211500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  28538959000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2304039500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57269761500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2131630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2201190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10460880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    942354500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3465144500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      78971128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2304039500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57269761500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2131630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   2201190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10460880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    942354500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3465144500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     78971128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2222646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2222646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2949465                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2949465                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1033                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         7554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         4775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            20648                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1319                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1723                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           5229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        536819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         23809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        190088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         41038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            791754                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1800062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       237237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      1370176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       986463                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4393938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1723788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       124102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        54706                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1917514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1800062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          2260607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           237237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data            38727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          1370176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           314190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           986463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            95744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7103206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1800062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         2260607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          237237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data           38727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1370176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          314190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          986463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           95744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7103206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026215                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093901                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217236                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.125823                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006065                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.395620                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006658                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001741                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.055842                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.852577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.425855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.542692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.650010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013728                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017352                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010054                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.013786                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.269473                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.272558                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.227324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.013728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.293993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.009147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.627960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.017352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.365304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.010054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.362498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.126560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.293993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.627960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.017352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.365304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.010054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.362498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.126560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2623.036649                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2432.989691                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   795.551493                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  1535.874439                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1181.678214                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3687.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        14750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   801.369863                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85886.712278                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87572.786837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90650.846201                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93391.989583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87027.360448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93235.654743                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 90381.566820                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 92584.227129                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 95014.569470                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93168.997111                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86578.530030                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88057.213930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92319.113082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 111387.222580                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88149.591050                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93235.654743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86171.385775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 90381.566820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87652.864016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 92584.227129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91142.496188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 95014.569470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99839.931426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87845.353451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93235.654743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86171.385775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 90381.566820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87652.864016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 92584.227129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91142.496188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 95014.569470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99839.931426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87845.353451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               590768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    590768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           50                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           84                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          156                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           380                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           89                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             89                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2080                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2080                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          669                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          2598                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       391128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        80950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         514648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        24622                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2120                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        23691                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         9762                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        60195                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273453                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4017                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        33736                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       323606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         24622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        664581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          2120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         24316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         23691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        114686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          9762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         34671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            898449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        24622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       664581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        23691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       114686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         9762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        34671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           898449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         9823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         7963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         4274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        24953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         9722                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         4349                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        32026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3783000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1915500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     32797500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     13523500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52019500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       157000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5359500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       196000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        57500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5770000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29681417002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1574650000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6528686000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1857223000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39641976002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2043352500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    170052000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1955889001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    821643501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4990937002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20939622502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    313683500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2777746500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   1257672500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25288725002                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2043352500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50621039504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    170052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1888333500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1955889001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9306432500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    821643501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3114895500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69921638006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2043352500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50621039504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    170052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1888333500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1955889001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9306432500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    821643501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   3114895500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69921638006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123479500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    341433000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12260500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481953500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1123479500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      4780500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    341433000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     12260500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481953500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026215                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.093901                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217236                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.140105                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125823                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006065                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.395620                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006658                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.001741                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055842                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.852577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.425855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.542692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.158635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.269272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.271841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.226666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.627882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.365021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.362122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.126485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.627882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.365021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.009896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.362122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19806.282723                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19747.422680                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19986.288848                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20214.499253                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20022.902232                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19625                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19776.752768                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19600                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19760.273973                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75886.709727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77572.786837                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 80650.846201                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83391.989583                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77027.358509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82988.892048                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80213.207547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82558.313326                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84167.537492                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82912.816712                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76574.850164                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78088.996764                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82337.754921                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 101425.201613                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78146.650563                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82988.892048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76169.856653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80213.207547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77658.064649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82558.313326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81147.066774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84167.537492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89841.524617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.827014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82988.892048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76169.856653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80213.207547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77658.064649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82558.313326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 81147.066774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 84167.537492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89841.524617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.827014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215308.451514                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194106.310404                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 163473.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209522.621236                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 74694.468453                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  1640.528483                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 35119.625591                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data  2819.153828                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 46273.449697                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2075823                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1091506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          469                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             391149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              24953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             24953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       679632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           271760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            87909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          47927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            515565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           514198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        384076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         88896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       178436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       178436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        64052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2795246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2859298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3037734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       163510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47633888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     47797398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50645078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                           134678                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      11424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1156399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.000802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.028302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1155472     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     927      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1156399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            63186500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3305179666                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1412555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2986999512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14672149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6425768                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2690004                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21002                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18393                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2609                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6525618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             24953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            24953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2813414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4392773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          798708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          105509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         52864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         158373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           867935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          867935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4393987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2124562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5399899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6933759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       711462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4110215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1025193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2959122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       582694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              21865533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    115194688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133038965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15175072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2205200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     87680480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15196189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     63124512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7549140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              439164246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1294065                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  27969728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8454925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.409902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.837132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6447654     76.26%     76.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1030253     12.19%     88.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 495780      5.86%     94.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 481090      5.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                    140      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8454925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10672277492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           249398                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1803308915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2348067914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         239377204                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          55667364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1373892011                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         427434509                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         990777297                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         261754016                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2460627478500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006205                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6204766000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2466832244500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15776581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 15776552                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              857196751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 752748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   114197414                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     114197414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          38048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         467840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          44416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          55136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         226976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data          67360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1031424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        38048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        44416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       119040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        12608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        214112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1210464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1210464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            1723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            3720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            7093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               32232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         37827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              37827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           6132060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          75400104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           7158368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           8886072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          19185252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          36580912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           2031986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          10856171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             166230926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      6132060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      7158368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     19185252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      2031986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         34507667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       195086164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            195086164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       195086164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          6132060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         75400104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          7158368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          8886072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         19185252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         36580912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          2031986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         10856171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            361317091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       32232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      37827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     32232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    37827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2061312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1491392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1031424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1210464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 14532                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    6204783000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 32232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                37827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   31742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         9359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    379.555081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   218.886053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.512188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3065     32.75%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2001     21.38%     54.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          894      9.55%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          519      5.55%     69.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          391      4.18%     73.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          265      2.83%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          258      2.76%     78.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          222      2.37%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1744     18.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         9359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.338983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     28.800035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            328     30.89%     30.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31           236     22.22%     53.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47           282     26.55%     79.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           123     11.58%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            58      5.46%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95            15      1.41%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            4      0.38%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            4      0.38%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            6      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            1      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.942561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     20.058295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     12.201246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           680     64.03%     64.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            75      7.06%     71.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            12      1.13%     72.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             3      0.28%     72.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             6      0.56%     73.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            98      9.23%     82.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            11      1.04%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.19%     83.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            56      5.27%     88.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            13      1.22%     90.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            15      1.41%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             8      0.75%     92.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            46      4.33%     96.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             3      0.28%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             2      0.19%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             4      0.38%     97.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             4      0.38%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53             3      0.28%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55             1      0.09%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65             1      0.09%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             2      0.19%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-77             1      0.09%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             2      0.19%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             2      0.19%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.09%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.09%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::90-91             2      0.19%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-93             1      0.09%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-97             2      0.19%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::98-99             2      0.19%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-101            2      0.19%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::102-103            1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    533362000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1137262000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  161040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16559.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35309.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       332.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       240.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    166.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    195.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    26871                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   19283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      88565.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 30587760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 16261575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               102716040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               55347660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         470199600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            505861890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29365440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1326842010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       476611680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        255267600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3269197365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            526.884876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5018504250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45961750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     199428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    867719250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1241162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     940872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2909622750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 36221220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 19255830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               127249080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               66294000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         444999360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            521750070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             19102560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1405788720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       372885600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        258925920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3272526090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            527.421355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5010692000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19235250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     188570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    956780250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    971046750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     986227000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3082906750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       99904                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      96262                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      196166                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     166993                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 167145                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                 19                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean       369388600                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   343018104.544287                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           10    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1425500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972218000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             10                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2510880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3693886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        13730980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      5.00%      5.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  855     80.66%     85.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     19      1.79%     87.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     87.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     112     10.57%     98.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.42%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1060                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1707                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.591463                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.744275                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7966580500     94.62%     94.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           453077500      5.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     442     45.10%     45.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.41%     45.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      7      0.71%     46.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.20%     46.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    525     53.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 980                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      440     49.38%     49.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.45%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       7      0.79%     50.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.22%     50.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     438     49.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  891                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6576742000     95.82%     95.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3533000      0.05%     95.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4669000      0.07%     95.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2450000      0.04%     95.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              275941000      4.02%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6863335000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.995475                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.834286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.909184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     538848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       538848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               518185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      17435                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        53439                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      518185                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             731069                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            360672                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       197295                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     100751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     96544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8174470.202439                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5556509.797561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.404670                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.595330                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            74865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10210      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   314910     58.39%     60.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     573      0.11%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.22%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.04%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  103362     19.16%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  95624     17.73%     97.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead               1216      0.23%     97.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite              1003      0.19%     97.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 11033      2.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    539330                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20877                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          992.852540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             207011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.452125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   992.852540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.969583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6296249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6296249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        90756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          90756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        81203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         1488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         1471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       171959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          171959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       171959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         171959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         7526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        13427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        20953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         20953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        20953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        20953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    383996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    968058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    968058500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4184000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4184000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       390500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       390500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1352054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1352054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1352054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1352054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        98282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        94630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       192912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       192912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       192912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       192912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.141889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106843                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106843                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51022.588360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51022.588360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72097.899754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72097.899754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23505.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23505.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7509.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7509.615385                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64527.967356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.967356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64527.967356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.967356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            14836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    954631500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    954631500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4006000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4006000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       338500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       338500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1331101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1331101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1331101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1331101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    103674000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103674000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.106843                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106843                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034143                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034143                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50022.588360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50022.588360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71097.899754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.899754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22505.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22505.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6509.615385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6509.615385                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63527.967356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63527.967356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63527.967356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63527.967356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 239986.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 239986.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data       172790                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       172790                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            16918                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.999763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             525709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            17174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            30.610749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.999763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1095581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1095581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       522412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         522412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       522412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          522412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       522412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         522412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         16919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        16919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    312048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    312048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    312048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       539331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       539331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       539331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       539331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       539331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       539331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18443.643241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18443.643241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18443.643241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18443.643241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 18443.643241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18443.643241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        16918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            16918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        16919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    295129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    295129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    295129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    295129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17443.643241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17443.643241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17443.643241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17443.643241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17443.643241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17443.643241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       47291                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       126                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   18363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      35993                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       19                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          10                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  10459                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       83284                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       145                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                   28822                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      89461                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      116                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  89577                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                 17                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    607713055.555556                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   414069329.468240                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            9    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     31792500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    973356500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              9                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      735348500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5469417500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        12345947                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      2.67%      2.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.38%      3.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  454     86.48%     89.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     14      2.67%     92.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.19%     92.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      29      5.52%     98.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.71%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   525                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       805                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               35                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 21                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  9                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 22                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.628571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.111111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.676923                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         490278000     70.18%     70.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           208344000     29.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     206     41.87%     41.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      7      1.42%     43.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.41%     43.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    277     56.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      206     49.16%     49.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       7      1.67%     50.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.48%     51.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     204     48.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  419                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6073968500     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3715000      0.06%     98.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3227000      0.05%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               93402000      1.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6174312500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.736462                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851626                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     225126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       225126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               217416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       5899                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        23530                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      217416                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             298222                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            155513                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 178                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        83621                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      47547                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     36074                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10882785.680771                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1463161.319229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.118513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.881487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            31305                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 3861      1.71%      1.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   131737     58.48%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     187      0.08%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     45      0.02%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   48483     21.52%     81.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  36199     16.07%     97.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                137      0.06%     97.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite               157      0.07%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  4472      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    225281                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             8124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          733.632594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             118099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.497029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   733.632594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.716438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.716438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.611328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2677935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2677935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        42639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        31260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        73899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           73899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        73899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          73899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         4085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         8204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    116152500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116152500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    116671000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    116671000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2860000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2860000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       225500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       225500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    232823500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    232823500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    232823500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    232823500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        46758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        82103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        82103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        82103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        82103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.088092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.115575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.238311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.238311                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28199.198835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28199.198835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28560.832313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28560.832313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18101.265823                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.265823                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6094.594595                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6094.594595                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28379.266212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28379.266212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28379.266212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28379.266212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             6388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    112033500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112033500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    112586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112586000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2702000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2702000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       188500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    224619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    224619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.088092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.238311                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238311                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055976                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055976                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27199.198835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27199.198835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27560.832313                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27560.832313                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17101.265823                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17101.265823                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5094.594595                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5094.594595                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27379.266212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27379.266212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27379.266212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27379.266212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             7437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             262505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.122579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           457997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          457997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       217843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         217843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       217843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          217843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       217843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         217843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          7437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         7437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    204157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    204157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    204157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    204157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    204157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       225280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       225280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       225280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       225280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       225280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       225280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27451.526153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27451.526153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27451.526153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27451.526153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27451.526153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27451.526153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             7437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         7437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    196720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26451.526153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.526153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26451.526153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.526153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26451.526153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.526153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      176356                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       698                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   21571                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     121119                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      107                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          20                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  12443                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      297475                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       805                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           32                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   34014                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     149705                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      462                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 150167                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                112                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           57                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    56648684.210526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   192686180.002907                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           57    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972759500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             57                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     2975791000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   3228975000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        13671726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      56                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  121      4.56%      4.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.26%      5.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2179     82.20%     87.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     87      3.28%     90.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.04%     90.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.04%     90.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     178      6.71%     97.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  43      1.62%     98.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       7      0.26%     99.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 21      0.79%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2651                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3974                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              299                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                154                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                154                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  154                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.515050                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.679912                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5732070500     94.08%     94.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           360459500      5.92%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     121                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     916     38.47%     38.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     15      0.63%     39.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      7      0.29%     39.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.08%     39.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1441     60.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2381                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      915     49.41%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      15      0.81%     50.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       7      0.38%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.11%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     913     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1852                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6057917000     88.62%     88.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               13108000      0.19%     88.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4324500      0.06%     88.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2388000      0.03%     88.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              758125500     11.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6835863000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998908                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.633588                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.777824                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     901945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       901945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               868932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2355                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      28908                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        91840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      868932                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         2355                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1186745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            644566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                1124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1072                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       299796                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     178172                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    121624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7114798.763951                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6556927.236049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.479598                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.520402                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           129769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                13549      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   557316     61.73%     63.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1503      0.17%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    417      0.05%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     11      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     21      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  183896     20.37%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 121207     13.43%     97.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                936      0.10%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite               970      0.11%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 22956      2.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    902782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            21493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          986.525515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             288532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            22507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.819656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   986.525515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.963404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9569768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9569768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       162462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         162462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       106857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        106857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         3102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         3360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       269319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          269319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       269319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         269319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        11372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data        10735                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10735                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          373                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          373                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        22107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         22107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        22107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        22107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    321458500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321458500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    484374500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484374500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7285000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7285000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       619000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       619000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    805833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    805833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    805833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    805833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       173834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       173834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       117592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       117592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         3460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       291426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       291426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       291426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       291426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.091290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.091290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.107338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.028902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28267.543088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28267.543088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45121.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45121.052632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19530.831099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19530.831099                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         6190                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6190                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36451.485955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36451.485955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36451.485955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36451.485955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            15040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          373                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    310086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    473639500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473639500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6912000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6912000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       519000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       519000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    783726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    783726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    783726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    783726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     27460000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     27460000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     27460000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     27460000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.065419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.091290                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091290                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107338                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107338                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.028902                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028902                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27267.543088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27267.543088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44121.052632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44121.052632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18530.831099                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18530.831099                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         5190                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5190                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35451.485955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35451.485955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35451.485955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35451.485955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 179477.124183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 179477.124183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 65380.952381                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65380.952381                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            50539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.998111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             855500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            50795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            16.842209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   255.998111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1856106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1856106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       852240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         852240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       852240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          852240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       852240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         852240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        50542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         50542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        50542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    956946500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    956946500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    956946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    956946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    956946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    956946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       902782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       902782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       902782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       902782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       902782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       902782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18933.688813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18933.688813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18933.688813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18933.688813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 18933.688813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18933.688813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        50539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            50539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        50542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    906404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    906404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    906404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    906404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    906404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17933.688813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.688813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17933.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 17933.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.688813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       32036                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1872                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      20742                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       36                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       52778                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       371                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      26047                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      127                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  26174                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                 26                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           14                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    402859285.714286                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   413581994.627877                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           14    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    972346500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total             14                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      564736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   5640030000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        13671924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61     12.45%     12.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.82%     13.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  318     64.90%     78.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     18      3.67%     82.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      78     15.92%     97.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.84%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   490                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1020                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              139                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.482014                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.650485                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        7216993000     99.56%     99.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            31927000      0.44%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     39.80%     39.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      7      1.72%     41.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      6      1.47%     43.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    232     57.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 407                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     48.36%     48.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       7      2.09%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       6      1.79%     52.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     160     47.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  335                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6743141500     98.64%     98.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4047500      0.06%     98.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6096500      0.09%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               82676500      1.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6835962000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.689655                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.823096                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     172119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       172119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               165667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4045                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        18978                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      165667                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          440                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             221820                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            124251                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        53930                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      32948                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     20982                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              12427553.515953                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1244370.484047                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.091016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.908984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            24527                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3059      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   106672     61.83%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     171      0.10%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     38      0.02%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   33972     19.69%     83.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  20804     12.06%     95.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                203      0.12%     95.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite               196      0.11%     95.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  7393      4.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    172511                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          879.715974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             116655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.846075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   879.715974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.859098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958008                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1714563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1714563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        29351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        18078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        47429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           47429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        47429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          47429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         2189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2189                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     51288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    160951000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    160951000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       985000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       985000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       252000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       252000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    212239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    212239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        32028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        20267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data          566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        52295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        52295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.108008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101933                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.077739                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077739                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19158.759806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19158.759806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73527.181361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73527.181361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16982.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16982.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5727.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5727.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43616.728319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43616.728319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43616.728319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43616.728319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     48611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    158762000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158762000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       927000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       927000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       208000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    207373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    207373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.108008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108008                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.101933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101933                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.077739                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077739                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.093049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18158.759806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18158.759806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 72527.181361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72527.181361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15982.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15982.758621                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4727.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4727.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42616.728319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42616.728319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42616.728319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42616.728319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169375                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 23362.068966                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 23362.068966                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             169846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.436724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           352336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          352336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       165197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       165197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          165197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       165197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         165197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    131800500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131800500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    131800500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131800500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    131800500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131800500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       172511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       172511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       172511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       172511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       172511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18020.303527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18020.303527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18020.303527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18020.303527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 18020.303527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18020.303527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         7314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    124486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    124486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    124486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17020.303527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17020.303527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17020.303527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17020.303527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 17020.303527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17020.303527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  616                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 616                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               23126                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              23126                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   727117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              924500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            72124893                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            22710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                22683                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      32                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                22715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               204147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              204147                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             22683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            22683                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3182985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2686179908                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2686179908                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2689362893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2689362893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2689362893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2689362893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           22683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          22683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117888.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118563.731815                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118563.731815                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118562.927876                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118562.927876                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118562.927876                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118562.927876                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         10018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     2.132851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                22656                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1552456359                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552456359                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1554289344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554289344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1554289344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554289344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67888.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68522.967823                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68522.967823                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68522.212406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68522.212406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68522.212406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68522.212406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     30757                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31891.837787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2785704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     43.963512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1018.538939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1130.433688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      3912.576936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1528.260160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      9798.311765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      3401.245858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      6439.330626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1509.438246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      3153.701571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.031083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.034498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.119402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.046639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.299021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.103798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.196513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.046064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.096243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995087                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1048336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1048336                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        38499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            38499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        69774                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            69774                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  104                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              2430                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data              3060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              5257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 10917                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          15726                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           6048                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          46810                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           6911                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              75495                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          2823                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          7366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             15560                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                15726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 6142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 6048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 5883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                46810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                12623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 6911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   101972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               15726                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                6142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                6048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                5883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               46810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               12623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                6911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  101972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            4801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            1829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               18363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         3727                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          402                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         2299                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               1724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               3727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               7100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               2106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              1724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              3727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              7100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              2106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       118000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        58000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       404000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        59000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       639000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        86500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       144500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    908194000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     73928000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    400316000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    153002500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1535440500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    102390500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120663000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    332304500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     38713000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    594071000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    329036000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77386000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    216803000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     26317500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    649542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    102390500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1237230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    151314000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    332304500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    617119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     38713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    179320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2779054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    102390500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1237230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    151314000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    332304500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    617119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     38713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    179320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2779054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        38499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        69774                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        69774                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         13287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          3936                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         10058                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             29280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        16917                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         7436                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        50537                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         7313                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          82203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         9665                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1936                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22767                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            16917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             7436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             7607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            50537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            19723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             7313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               134250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           16917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            7436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            7607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           50537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           19723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            7313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              134250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146341                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.283333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.304348                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.235294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.263158                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.222561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.477331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.914957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.627152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.070403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.186659                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073748                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.054971                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.081603                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.504736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.231000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.237869                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.143079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.070403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.704456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.186659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.226633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.073748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.359986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.054971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.535197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.240432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.070403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.704456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.186659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.226633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.073748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.359986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.054971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.535197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.240432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        29000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23764.705882                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19968.750000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         7375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        28500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        21625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14450                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83650.548034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84392.694064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83381.795459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83653.635867                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83615.994119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85970.193115                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86932.997118                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89161.389858                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96300.995025                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88561.568277                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86977.531060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91257.075472                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 94303.175294                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95009.025271                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90126.613015                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85970.193115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84510.245902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86932.997118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87769.141531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89161.389858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86918.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96300.995025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85147.198481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86097.465766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85970.193115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84510.245902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 86932.997118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87769.141531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 89161.389858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86918.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 96300.995025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85147.198481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86097.465766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15171                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15171                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          135                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           135                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            32                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         4801                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          18363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1189                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3720                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          394                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6691                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          848                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2299                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          1724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          3720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          7100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         3720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1059                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       116000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        38000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       323000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       138500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        76000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    799624000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     65168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    352306000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    134712500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1351810500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     89989000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    106783000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    293733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     34204501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524710001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    291206000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68906000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    193813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     23494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    577419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     89989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1090830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    106783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    134074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    293733500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    546119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     34204501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    158206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453939501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     89989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1090830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    106783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    134074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    293733500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    546119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     34204501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    158206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453939501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     25547500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     98270000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     25547500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       627500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124445000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146341                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.283333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.304348                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.222561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.477331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.914957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.070284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.186659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.053877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.504736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.231000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.237869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.142562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.070284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.186659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.226633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.359986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.053877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.534943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.240298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.070284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.186659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.226633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.073609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.359986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.053877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.534943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.240298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19785.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19234.375000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        18500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        19000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73650.548034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74392.694064                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73381.795459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73653.635867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73615.994119                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75684.608915                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76932.997118                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78960.618280                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86813.454315                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78420.266178                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76977.531060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81257.075472                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84303.175294                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 85123.188406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80130.308077                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75684.608915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74510.245902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76932.997118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77769.141531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78960.618280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76918.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86813.454315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75157.482185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76067.560477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75684.608915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74510.245902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76932.997118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77769.141531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 78960.618280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76918.169014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86813.454315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 75157.482185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76067.560477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227476.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 166977.124183                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       156875                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211281.833616                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 163783.333333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 60827.380952                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 21637.931034                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 117511.803588                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        107547                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        55558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          201                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             18373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            18335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        45366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        94408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        96526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 141892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1516896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1518805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2243797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3228                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             56731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.047857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.213466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   54016     95.21%     95.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2715      4.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               56731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           182713805                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2804273                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          107879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       275955                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       129681                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        28835                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2875                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2303                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          572                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            109289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        53670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        82208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           31492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            29846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           29846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         82212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          322                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       151618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                412846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1082720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1140516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       475936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       447920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3234432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1114221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       197588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8161397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           38739                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    622944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           173873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.225193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.631640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 149137     85.77%     85.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  15401      8.86%     94.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   4264      2.45%     97.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                   5058      2.91%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                     13      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             173873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          199095500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           200974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          16929475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21623485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           7450972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           8355469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy          50566950                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          22719429                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           7327971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           4917469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6204766000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
