
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.509729                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2509729080500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2509729080500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 145109                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   145109                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3973668056                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   631.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91649602                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91649602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1013648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        18215648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19233344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1013648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1013648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16386320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16386320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            63353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1138478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide           253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1202084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1024145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1024145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             403887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            7258014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide            1613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               7663514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        403887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           403887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6529119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6529119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6529119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            403887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           7258014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide           1613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             14192633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1202084                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1024145                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1202084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1024145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               76919552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42323200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19233344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             16386320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                362825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             74419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             73010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             73662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             77393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             72967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             75907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             76053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             71866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            74926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            79966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            77943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            74483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            75615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             40341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             42751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             40762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             42300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             42352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             43828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             40930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             41903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             40360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             39699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            40902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            42582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            40456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            39283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            41278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            41573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2509724842500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               1202084                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1024145                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1201621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  40674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  40375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  40694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  40363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  40185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  39994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  39969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  40024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  40571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  40355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  40171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  40138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  39913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  39916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  39917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  39796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       303844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    392.447282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   223.104083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   384.118126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98531     32.43%     32.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        65976     21.71%     54.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27748      9.13%     63.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14826      4.88%     68.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10697      3.52%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7724      2.54%     74.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6693      2.20%     76.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5854      1.93%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        65795     21.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       303844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.299450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    495.490855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        39663     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         39666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.671709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.574614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.249927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17         32667     82.36%     82.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          5322     13.42%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21           497      1.25%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23           375      0.95%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25           338      0.85%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27           278      0.70%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            72      0.18%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            11      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33            12      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             3      0.01%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             6      0.02%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             8      0.02%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             7      0.02%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             7      0.02%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             7      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             4      0.01%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             8      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51            11      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-53            15      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::54-55            16      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-61             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::74-75             1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         39666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18607915708                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             41142940708                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6009340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15482.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34232.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        30.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      7.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1079773                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  479551                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1127343.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1097489400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                583329450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4266714060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1749571740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         17880492240.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25154499570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1004272320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     36160308090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     20895428160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     559043482260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           667841485620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            266.101027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2451934436751                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1704794000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    7593468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 2318223222750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  54415084500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   48493725749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  79298785501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1071956760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                569758530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4314623460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1702414260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         16194534720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          24823240080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            892814400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     32876089500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     18256970400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     562187375160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           662894427060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            264.129874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2452956211500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1467890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    6875074000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 2333315887250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  47544164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   48429115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  72096949750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     16034573                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      12434                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            98                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   817021                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     8878662                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1307                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          169                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  324494                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     24913235                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      13741                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           267                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1141515                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     5662676                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6040                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            1                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 5668716                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               14344                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     306376759.620747                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    450238477.321919                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         7172    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        74500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            7172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    312394960500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2197334120000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5019458161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     7172                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4530      2.11%      2.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       65      0.03%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                197166     91.89%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    5873      2.74%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      8      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                     10      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     6114      2.85%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  559      0.26%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      235      0.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 214574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     237255                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              6802                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1963                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2348                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2044                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1963                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    81                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300500                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.034497                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.367857                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       221892423500      8.84%      8.84% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           9387106000      0.37%      9.22% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         2278448281000     90.78%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4531                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    82672     40.15%     40.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     117      0.06%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    2513      1.22%     41.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  120609     58.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               205911                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     81135     49.20%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      117      0.07%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     2513      1.52%     50.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    81135     49.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                164900                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             2397053701000     95.51%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               110442500      0.00%     95.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22              1194949000      0.05%     95.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31            111368720000      4.44%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         2509727812500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981408                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.672711                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.800831                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91649602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91649602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              88649235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 427792                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2915756                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11621427                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     88649235                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        427792                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           121096665                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           66940138                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               178511                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              181527                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      24972289                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    16076046                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8896243                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4394668239.998249                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               624789921.001751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.124474                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.875526                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          15150592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               1594893      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  63175568     68.92%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   186164      0.20%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  117466      0.13%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    4179      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 16375852     17.87%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 8820985      9.62%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              156675      0.17%     98.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             149472      0.16%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                1082356      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   91663610                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4406907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.814345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20520773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4406907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.656502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         265708500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.814345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          29344169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         29344169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     12928707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12928707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7000801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7000801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       280057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       280057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       315678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       315678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      19929508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19929508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     19929508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19929508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2810981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2810981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1561796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1561796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        36713                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        36713                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4372777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4372777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4372777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4372777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  63511311500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63511311500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  77874284500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77874284500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    542225000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    542225000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 141385596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 141385596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 141385596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 141385596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15739688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15739688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8562597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8562597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       316770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       315678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       315678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     24302285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24302285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     24302285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24302285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.178592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.182397                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115898                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22594.002414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22594.002414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49862.007906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49862.007906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14769.291532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14769.291532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32333.136586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32333.136586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32333.136586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32333.136586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3764085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3764085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2810981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2810981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1561796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1561796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        36713                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        36713                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4372777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4372777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4372777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4372777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17430                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17430                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60700330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60700330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  76312488500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76312488500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    505512000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505512000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 137012819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 137012819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 137012819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 137012819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1566240000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566240000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.178592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.182397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.115898                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115898                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21594.002414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21594.002414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 48862.007906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48862.007906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13769.291532                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13769.291532                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31333.136586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31333.136586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31333.136586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31333.136586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221972.789116                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221972.789116                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 89858.864028                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 89858.864028                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           4112253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.137850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            87465216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           4112253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             21.269415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       91414472500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1021.137850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         187440714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        187440714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     87550119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        87550119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      87550119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         87550119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     87550119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        87550119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       4113492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       4113492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58430601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58430601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58430601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  58430601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  58430601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  58430601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     91663611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91663611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     91663611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     91663611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     91663611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     91663611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14204.622496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14204.622496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14204.622496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14204.622496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14204.622496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14204.622496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4112253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           4112253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      4113492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4113492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54317109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54317109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54317109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54317109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  54317109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54317109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13204.622496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13204.622496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13204.622496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13204.622496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13204.622496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13204.622496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 326                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2836480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        368                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7458                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              188166                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             188166                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        19964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       356388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  391248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        22728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        46728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2849936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2896664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              6242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            17383500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1893000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               75500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           397013205                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            24486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy           178596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements               178130                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.382255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               178130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2455524741000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.382255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.021598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.021598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1603746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1603746                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            178194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           178194                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     68397247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68397247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20545609958                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  20545609958                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20614007205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  20614007205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  20614007205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  20614007205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          178194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         178194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 170142.405473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170142.405473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115559.811229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115559.811229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115682.947827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115682.947827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 115682.947827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115682.947827                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        181143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                35712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.072329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       177792                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     48297247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48297247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11649358211                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11649358211                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11697655458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11697655458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11697655458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11697655458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120142.405473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120142.405473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65522.398145                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65522.398145                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65645.619145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65645.619145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 65645.619145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65645.619145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1132354                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65336.892447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    11526547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1132354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.179279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               14107176000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      386.588897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       8663.600217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      56286.703333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.132196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.858867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        27652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2182456565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2182456565                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3764085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3764085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4111756                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          4111756                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             779656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                779656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         4049999                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            4049999                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2490828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2490828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               4049999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3270484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7320483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              4049999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3270484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7320483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data              40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           782086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              782086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         63353                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            63353                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       356866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          356866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               63353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1138952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1202305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              63353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1138952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1202305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      1140000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1140000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  65781523500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   65781523500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5621444500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5621444500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30779682500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  30779682500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5621444500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   96561206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     102182650500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5621444500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  96561206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    102182650500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3764085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3764085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4111756                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4111756                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               54                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1561742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1561742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      4113352                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        4113352                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2847694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2847694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           4113352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4409436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8522788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          4113352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4409436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8522788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.500778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.500778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.015402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.015402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.258299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.015402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.258299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84110.345282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84110.345282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88732.096349                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88732.096349                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86249.971978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86249.971978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88732.096349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84780.751076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84988.959124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88732.096349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84780.751076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84988.959124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               846417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    846417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            40                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       782086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         782086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        63353                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        63353                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       356866                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       356866                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          63353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1138952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1202305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         63353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1138952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1202305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        10374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        17430                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17430                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       740000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       740000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57960663500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57960663500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4987914500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4987914500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27211022500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27211022500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4987914500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85171686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90159600500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4987914500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85171686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90159600500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1478040000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1478040000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74110.345282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74110.345282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78732.096349                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78732.096349                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76249.971978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76249.971978                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78732.096349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74780.751076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74988.959124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78732.096349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74780.751076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74988.959124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209472.789116                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209472.789116                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 84798.623064                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 84798.623064                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2688700                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1314614                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          946                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             427677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1024145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           284016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            782014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           782014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        420621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        177792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       356577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        34860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3534207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3569067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3925644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2847696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        46728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32771968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     32818696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35666392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             6742                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       8816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1397969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.071269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1390832     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    7137      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1397969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            31750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          3713060008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7411515                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2759719502                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17042142                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8519224                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1980                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3003                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3003                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6968383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4610502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4112253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          928759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              54                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             54                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1561742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1561742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       4113492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2847847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12339097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13261358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              25600455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131609680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    130825320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              262435000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1139840                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13547168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9679501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9674516     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4985      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9679501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12473142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           434383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4113492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4421706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2509729080500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7204271000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2516933351500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5920343                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  5920338                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              456627715                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    15.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    93405807                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      93405807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           62864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          386064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             448928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        62864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         62864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       764080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          764080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            24129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               28058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         47755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              47755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst            8725935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           53588212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62314147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       8725935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          8725935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106059308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106059308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106059308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst           8725935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          53588212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            168373455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       28058                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      47755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     28058                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    47755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1795712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  869376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  448928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               764080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 34172                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              2118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    7204339000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                 28058                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                47755                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   28058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    641.880539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   422.722070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   413.788957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          735     17.70%     17.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          510     12.28%     29.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          245      5.90%     35.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          146      3.52%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      3.08%     42.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          228      5.49%     47.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           86      2.07%     50.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           67      1.61%     51.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2007     48.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.038523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    492.117201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           619     99.36%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      21.804173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     21.185378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      5.888038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              158     25.36%     25.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.32%     25.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               21      3.37%     29.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               20      3.21%     32.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               54      8.67%     40.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               61      9.79%     50.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               64     10.27%     61.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               72     11.56%     72.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               29      4.65%     77.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               49      7.87%     85.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               17      2.73%     87.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               33      5.30%     93.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               11      1.77%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                6      0.96%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                3      0.48%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                2      0.32%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.16%     96.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36                1      0.16%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                2      0.32%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::39                1      0.16%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40                1      0.16%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::41                2      0.32%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::43                1      0.16%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::45                1      0.16%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46                1      0.16%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::47                2      0.32%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::49                1      0.16%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50                4      0.64%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::53                1      0.16%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56                1      0.16%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::59                1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    359811000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               885898500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  140290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12823.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31573.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       249.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       120.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    25451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12039                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      95027.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14344260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7624155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                79453920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               44077680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         311007840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            358349310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             17265120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       704978280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       360681600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        980102700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             2878011855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            399.486895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6373103750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26802250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     132070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3887884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    939266250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     672243500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1546004250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15301020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8132685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               120880200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26830800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         332520240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            399025650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             22165920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       835122390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       355456320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        883220880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             2998823985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            416.256410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6270430500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33799750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     141110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3514035750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    925677750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     758249250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1831398500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                       332921                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       1512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            24                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                    75874                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                      260076                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       269                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                           44                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                   39371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                       592997                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       1781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            68                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                   115245                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                      428287                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       846                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                  429133                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                 104                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     3983009.615385                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    9869927.246832                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           52    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value     43906500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total              52                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6997154500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED    207116500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         14408542                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       52                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   240      5.35%      5.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       14      0.31%      5.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3638     81.15%     86.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     103      2.30%     89.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      2      0.04%     89.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.04%     89.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      374      8.34%     97.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   76      1.70%     99.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       12      0.27%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  21      0.47%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4483                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               599                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 337                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  15                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 344                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   337                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     7                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.574290                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.466667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.723449                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         5886439000     81.70%     81.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            938533000     13.03%     94.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            379574000      5.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      240                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1690     41.77%     41.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.64%     42.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       8      0.20%     42.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2322     57.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4046                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1687     49.50%     49.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.76%     50.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        8      0.23%     50.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1687     49.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3408                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0               5928570500     82.29%     82.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                24489000      0.34%     82.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 6405500      0.09%     82.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1245081000     17.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           7204546000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998225                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.726529                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.842313                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1756205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1690508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6282                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55123                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       178123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1690508                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6282                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2327690                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1229011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3657                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                3564                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        597815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      336697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     261118                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               414232.999943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               13994309.000057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.971251                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.028749                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            249025                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30305      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1068446     60.77%     62.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2204      0.13%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1654      0.09%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                      11      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                     254      0.01%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   346416     19.70%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  259933     14.79%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2261      0.13%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               2102      0.12%     97.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                  44468      2.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1758054                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            100765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              498275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            102813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.846420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         2048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            695281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           695281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       284943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          284943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data       197634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         197634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         5013                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5013                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         6155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        482577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           482577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       482577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          482577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        43305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         43305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        56176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        99481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          99481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        99481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         99481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    725389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    725389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2280022500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2280022500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     19101000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     19101000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   3005411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3005411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   3005411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3005411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       328248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       328248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data       253810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       253810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         6303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         6155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       582058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       582058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       582058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       582058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.221331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.204664                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.204664                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16750.698534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16750.698534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40587.127955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40587.127955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14806.976744                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14806.976744                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30210.909621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30210.909621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30210.909621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30210.909621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        83609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             83609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        43305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        56176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        99481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    682084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    682084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2223846500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2223846500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17811000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17811000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2905930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2905930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2905930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2905930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    136839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.131928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221331                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221331                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.204664                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204664                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.170913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15750.698534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15750.698534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39587.127955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39587.127955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13806.976744                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13806.976744                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29210.909621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29210.909621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29210.909621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29210.909621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224327.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 127292.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 127292.558140                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             98713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.965553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1744237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             99736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.488540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1023.965553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3614828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3614828                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      1659334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1659334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       1659334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1659334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1659334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1659334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         98720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          98720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         98720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1585562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1585562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1585562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1585562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1585562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1585562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1758054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1758054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1758054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1758054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1758054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1758054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16061.208468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16061.208468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16061.208468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16061.208468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16061.208468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16061.208468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        98713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             98713                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        98720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        98720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        98720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        98720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1486842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486842500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1486842500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486842500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1486842500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486842500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15061.208468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15061.208468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15061.208468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15061.208468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15061.208468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15061.208468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   724992                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         90                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 637                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              45777                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   92828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       725208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   726951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              642500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           101076570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            45366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                45339                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      64                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                45403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           64                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               408051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              408051                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             45339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            45339                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      3253485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3253485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5475332085                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5475332085                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5478585570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5478585570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5478585570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5478585570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           45339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          45339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120499.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120499.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120836.248345                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120836.248345                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120836.047773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120836.047773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120836.047773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120836.047773                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         54309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.849256                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                45312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        45312                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      1903485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1903485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3208780818                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208780818                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3210684303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210684303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3210684303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3210684303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70499.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70499.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70815.254635                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70815.254635                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70815.066565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70815.066565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70815.066565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70815.066565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      8090                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 57763.940654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4680841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     73626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     63.575924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks             240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      17605.282565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      39918.658088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.268635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.609110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.881408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9571                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  51085082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 51085082                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        83609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            83609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        98669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            98669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              33915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33915                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           94789                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              94789                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          42708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 94789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 76623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   171412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                94789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                76623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  171412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data               6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            22255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22255                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          3929                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3929                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                3929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data               24142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  28071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               3929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data              24142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 28071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       171000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1783245000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1783245000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343457000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    343457000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    184282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    184282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     343457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    1967527500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2310984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1967527500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2310984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        83609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        83609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        98669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        98669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          56170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             56170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        98718                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          98718                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        44595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         44595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             98718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            100765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               199483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            98718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           100765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              199483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.396208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.396208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.039800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.039800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.239587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.140719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.039800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.239587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.140719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80127.836441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80127.836441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87415.881904                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87415.881904                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97658.982512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97658.982512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87415.881904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81498.115318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82326.404474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87415.881904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81498.115318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82326.404474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        22255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3929                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3929                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1887                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1887                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           3929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          24142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             28071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          3929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         24142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            28071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1560695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    304167000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304167000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    165412500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165412500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    304167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1726107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2030274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    304167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1726107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2030274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129214500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.396208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.239587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.140719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.039800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.239587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.140719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70127.836441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70127.836441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.881904                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77415.881904                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87658.982512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87658.982512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.881904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71498.115318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72326.404474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.881904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71498.115318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72326.404474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211827.049180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 120199.534884                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 120199.534884                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        126845                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        73416                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        47755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         45312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        90678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        64225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        66375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 157053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       724992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       488016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       489759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1214751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            19995                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                        432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             74491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.268422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.443141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   54496     73.16%     73.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   19995     26.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               74491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           174620652                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20815611                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           65476500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       398969                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199484                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          365                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             51                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           51                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        86052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        98713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            56170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           56170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         98720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        44622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       296151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       304472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                600623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3158896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2951967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6110863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           28102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           228651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 228235     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    416      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             228651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          291415500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            22485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          98720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101610500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7204271000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
